1. How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

    I was able to see that differences in an organized manner. This allowed me to focus on what was added and removed from the file and then go a step further to look at the specific lines that were added to pinpoint the bug.



2. How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

    This will allow me to retrieve old versions of a file that are more useful to a present project than perhaps the current version. Having access to the entire history can save a lot of time.



3. What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google docs does?

    The pros of manual commits is that you can make sure that every version recorded is meaningful. Also, it will prevent versions that may not compile. The cons are that you may forget to commit work in a timely manner, which may cause work being lost.



4. Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    I believe this is the case because Git recognizes that programmers have files that work together. This means that you will have to save changes made to all files that were changed in a commit in order to see the bigger picture when reviewing his commit later



5. How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    I can use git log to view the commits on a directory and then use git diff to evaluate the changes that were added to the 2nd (new) commit from the 1st (old) commit   >>>>  git diff old_ID new_ID



6. How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

    Because you can always do a ...  git checkout <commit ID#>   ... on the file that was used before a bug was introduced.



7. Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To become a great Software Engineer with use of version control!!!
